[Music]
two weeks gone again
come on all right look y'all i've been
really really busy i almost fell into
despair i was so busy
so how about double upload on saturday
plus i got a surprise comment for 300k
you know how it'd be
anyway i gotta go to south korea real
quick so give me a second
all right so south korean netflix you
know
this is the only netflix in the entire
galaxy
that has the movie old boy now old boy
is one of the most famous neo-noir films
of all time directed by park chanwook
also i'm very sorry if i mispronounced
any names
i can't even pronounce english names
right but anyway
he showcased gunjar's revenge and
sympathy for lady vengeance
yeah but we are doing the trilogy
backwards but it wasn't chronological to
begin with
old boy stars choi min sick who we know
as
playing the villains in lady vengeance
and i saw the devil
troy plays odessu a man who is kidnapped
and put in prison for
15 years for no reason soon he is
suddenly released
and old boy is all about why the hell he
was even put in prison in the first
place
now this won't be a minute by minute
breakdown
i'll be skipping a lot to get a cohesive
story because the movie itself
is best viewed fully i implore you to
watch this on your own too
okay so with the help of nordvpn i was
able to pass into north korea's
netflix so stay tuned near the end to
see how necessary it is to have a vpn
otherwise let's get into the breakdown
now this movie is comedic at times very
well made and not as blunt as most films
here are
first thing we see is the main character
desu
wanting to tell a suicidal guy his story
the story starts with desu's dumbass
being arrested
for being a drunk nuisance desu makes
being drunk
looks scary it looks like he's being
controlled by something don't give me
what he's drinking
it's his daughter's birthday and his
close friend named joo hwan
comes to pick him up desu calls his
daughter and wife before letting his
friend talk to them
and suddenly at the blink of an eye desu
goes missing
[ __ ] like that is totally scary those
kind of mysteries make for the best
videos though
turns out desu was just kidnapped off
the street
and was put inside a makeshift prison in
the middle of a city
two months passed by and desu still has
no idea why he's locked up he is pretty
goofy before this prison stuff but he
becomes a shell of his former self
quickly every day it seems he eats food
delivered from a restaurant
along with other prisoners there every
night he is put to sleep by gas
and the kidnappers slash guards clean
everything up
and give him haircuts they also save his
life many times
as he tries to commit suicide within a
year of being
in prison desu's only friend is
television
but it haunts him to see that his wife
has been murdered and he is the prime
suspect
he can't do anything about it but wallow
in despair
anyway the only way out of despair is to
imagine getting to the bottom of this
prison sentence
years begin to pass and he's hoping for
revenge
he starts shadowboxing against the wall
to prepare for the battles ahead
he finally finds a way out right next to
his bed
and it takes him over 12 years to dig
out of it slowly
from 1988 to 2003
15 years and had one tiny room and he
finally has a way out even if it will
kill him
he hides to the hole and gets ready for
his nightly knockout
but this time a random lady walks in
she's a hypnotist
and she hypnotizes him right back from
her mental realm
he wakes up to see he's on a random roof
yeah you would think this is all fake
right but it's not
at least not what he sees his first view
is someone contemplating suicide
but he's so ecstatic to see another
human being for the first time
same guy he told his story to in the
beginning remember
so story told but that's all daisu
cared about he left without hearing this
guy's reason for wanting to kill himself
on the elevator down he steals this
lady's glasses
walking by to experience the outside
life
and there goes that one guy that wanted
to die
too he won't be in rush hour 3.
now he's been practicing boxing for at
least 13 years and looks like that's all
he needs to cure you
a bunch of punks cure you does this kind
of thing all the time
anyway a random homeless guy gives him a
phone and wallet
probably enlisted by the mastermind
datsu goes inside of a sushi restaurant
or raw fish restaurant i'm sorry i don't
really know the difference
but immediately he gets interested in a
famous chef
named mito anyway he gets a call from
the mastermind a self-proclaimed expert
on desu
he majors in desu studies death zoology
he must have studied that the average
daesu swallows live
octopuses whole choi really did swallow
many octopuses for this scene
couldn't pay me to do that he passes out
with his still
slithering down his throat now amido she
mito mito she already feels some
romantic connection to him and she takes
care of him
turns out he had the flute that's what
you get for taking a cigarette from that
punk
he grabs his filled out autobiography
from her nosey hands
hits his head too but i wonder if that
was meant to be
she starts to understand his background
a little and helps him find out
what happened to his daughter who was
adopted knowing that his daughter is
safe at least
his new mission is to figure out who the
hell
wanted him in prison so bad now that's
who's got an
idea track down the prison he was at the
way he does it is by
taste testing dumplings from different
chinese restaurants
he knew he was getting delivery food in
prison after lots of restaurants he
finally
tastes precisely the dumplings he had
for 15 years
and sprints after the all right whatever
and he sprints after the delivery guy
from the same restaurant to see where
he's taking all that food
sure enough this is the building he was
imprisoned at
he interrogates the warden by ripping
his teeth out with a hammer
without a doubt get ready for probably
one of the most
if not the most impressive scene we've
talked about
this movie is well known for this one
take continuous shot
fight scene desu is in battle against
the goons of the makeshift prison
it took 17 takes to get this right over
three days
the only thing fake about the scene is
the knife that
they stab him with this is something
kiryu does like
fight like 30 people at once the only
difference is that these guys are just
like
bottom of the barrel gangsters walk here
you fight like 30 trained military
assassins
which is street fighting anyway this
scene speaks for itself is pretty
inspirational
even the backup in the elevator was no
match i wish
desu kept this same prowess for all the
movie
this is the height of his power right
here still
he was injured badly and passes out
right in front of pedestrians
but this particular pedestrian knew him
too well
the guy must be the mastermind
mito has him sewn up but then he listens
to a tape
he took from the prison the warden takes
money in return for imprisoning people
and he records each client it's kind of
like hostile except
no physical torture desto got a copy of
the tape
the mastermind put him in prison because
he
talked too much so
did he did he really talk too much now
he already wasn't trusting mito too well
and soon ties her up he has led directly
across the street to where the
mastermind is waiting for him
desu has no idea who this guy is why
does he hate me so much to lock me up
for 15
years mastermind tells him that he has
five days to figure out who he is if he
doesn't figure out who he is
then mido will die if he does figure out
who he is
then the mastermind will kill himself oh
but
why not just kill him right now yeah
that's desu's first thought
well the mastermind has a pacemaker
inside with a button
that can stop it at any time instant
suicide so even if desu gets
past this final boss over here the
mastermind can just kill himself
it's his goal anyway also the prison
gang
have invaded mito's apartment now i wish
desu
had the energy he had when he went
through the prison but i'm guessing mito
could die so he just gets caught for
that eye for an eye torture
he took the teeth out of this guy and
almost got the same treatment
but then the mastermind pays off the
gang
to not hurt that suit desu says
he would like to cut off the warden's
hand for touching mido's titty
now they soon just leave the room and
the two
have sex kinda explicit after that
the knockout gas is sent into their
hotel room but
they're already sleep so i guess they're
just sleeping harder i mean
sleep times too whatever when they wake
up in the morning they discover the
wardens cut off hand in a box
in other words the mastermind knew that
desu wanted to cut off his hand
even though he wasn't there to hear desu
said that
so he must have bugged him quietly he
works to find
and remove the bug that was hidden in
his shoe
now to save myself a headache let's just
say that the search for the mastermind's
identity
obviously goes to someone that went to
high school with this
looking through the books they see his
name is lee woo
jin and he has a sister who killed
herself
named lee sowah so why did she kill
herself wait i forgot to mention
something
so remember the guy that came and picked
up desu when he was drunk 15 years ago
well 15 years later he heads an internet
cafe
and damn he was just so [ __ ] happy to
see his friend
his heart probably exploded that's real
right there
well he helps in the investigation of
who the mastermind
is sadly that gets him killed by the
mastermind
he said that woojin's sister was
probably a [ __ ]
her brother woo jin the mastermind is
listening in
and murders juwan with a broken cd for
calling her a [ __ ]
he insists that she wasn't a [ __ ] to the
angry desu who had to listen in
on the murder all right look so
his loved ones are getting targeted in
this game so he has
mito locked up in the same prison he was
in to keep her safe
if he doesn't come back within 5 days
then she will be released so
don't worry about that he goes back to
his old high school
literally young destiny recalls hitting
on sua
this is woojin's sister before she
killed herself now desu slowly begins to
recall that he
followed sua at one point it was his
last day by the way so
he was acting like bart simpson anyway
he eventually comes across her
and her brother wu jin playing around
and doing stuff that siblings shouldn't
do
incest things they notice desu watching
and he runs away
soon telling his friend ju1 what he saw
and to keep his mouth closed of course
he didn't keep his mouth closed
and the whole school figured out and
that's it
that's the reason why wu jin had desu
put in some makeshift prison for 15
years
because he so happened to do what people
do when they see something weird
tell someone else about it not to
mention it was in high school
now his sister died but i can't shake
the feeling that is
extremely petty still knowing the truth
of the matter pits desu on his mission
to end this
once and for all see woojin is a rich
guy who lives in a penthouse
desu tries to input the password up to
the penthouse
until he gets help from the owner
himself desu
rids the two guards easily with a
toothbrush some equalizer type [ __ ]
but after that he's at the mercy of the
last guard
like this dude right here makes desu's
15 years of shadow boxing
look like bupkus buff kiss this is the
final boss of a yakuza game
while dressing up wujin tells the entire
story of his sister's suicide
yes looking at us like that the entire
time
this shows the power of rumors can even
influence you
to think you're pregnant and being
pregnant with your nephew
isn't really a good thing soon woojin
kills his own bodyguard when he
completely dicks around
desu i'm sure the bodyguard knew this
would happen though
he probably signed a contract knowing he
would get his brains blew out on a whim
wujin points out a photo book on the
table over there
glee all over his face looking through
desu sees his family his baby daughter
growing up and growing up without a
father
and then he sees he sees me though
putting two and two together in his head
he despairingly realizes that mito
is his daughter he's been having a
romantic relationship with his
own daughter the prison for 15 years was
just the beginning
the true plan was to get desu to have
romance with his
own daughter to accomplish this desu's
thoughts and speech were manipulated
from the start by a hypnotist
for example the hypnotist will tell him
that once he heard
the words hand he's supposed to perform
this action this is why you should watch
the movie too because it's hard to
explain but
well worth seeing the warden is still on
woojin's payroll and is going to reveal
the same incest
truth to mito at his call desu
completely gets out of his element to
beg for him to not reveal the truth to
her
like i've never seen anybody in their
life
in my entire life beg for anything this
hard
people don't even beg for their like
this hard sometimes
he acts like a dog kisses and licks his
dirty shoes
and cuts his tongue off to get him to
not reveal the truth
to meadow now see woojin's face
this is the complete height of his life
right here
he's lived life to the fullest all in
this moment right here
his revenge is complete see we started
this movie thinking that
desu was going to get revenge but
honestly this is kind of the other way
around
i'd like to see how gunshot would go up
against wujin
desu was doomed from the beginning well
wu jin is done and he drops his
pacemaker button on the ground
it can kill him remember and desu
realizes this is his
chance however when he presses it a
recording of
him and miro having sex plays on loud
speakers
all the private and humiliating words
desu just submits into pain and hurt
in the elevator down woo jin thinks
about his sisters
and the pain it brought made this film
possible
still all he lived for was to stick it
to the guy who so happened to
start the rumor since he completed that
goal
woojin kills himself i assume that if
you shot yourself standing up then
that's precisely how it would look
the movie ends as desu visits the
hypnotist
as if she can help him forget that mito
is his daughter
all in all she puts him in a dream
sequence where he
seemingly forgets mido comes in and
embraces him
saying that she loves him and that's who
smiles hard
before realizing something that gives
him more
pain i'm guessing he didn't really
forget
and that's it it was a great watch south
korea always hits us with the bangers
you got su hyun bok nam gung-ja
desu all fire people now thanks to
nora vpn i was able to watch this on
netflix
ah good old netflix in his library
not netflix in the united states netflix
and good old south korea
how am i watching south korea netflix
you ask
using nor vpn to bypass those crazy geo
restrictions
united states doesn't have old boy on
netflix and
there is no buffering nordvpn sticks it
right to your internet service provider
the internet is not a safe place doing
your business at your closest starbucks
free wi-fi puts you at the risk of being
snooped on by any old reject
even doing your business at home just
means that your isp is the one that
could snoop on you now
every website you go to your isp knows
paying good money a month on fast
internet only to see that you can't even
load a video
your isp is throttling you based on what
websites you go to
your passwords your credit card numbers
all your information is in danger
but right on your side is nor vpn here
to protect your identity
information and your internet just one
click you
instantly can connect to ones of
thousands of servers
in 60 plus countries nord will encrypt
your connection
and give you a unique ip all your
internet service provider will know
is that they know nothing nobody knows
anything
nobody can monitor your activity it's
super easy all it takes is a click and
you're connected quick
or you can choose exactly which country
server you would like to connect to
whether it's your laptop your gaming
computer
or your phone nor can be installed on up
to six devices
so while you're saving money on
subscriptions and the like
your privacy is guaranteed and your
internet is exactly what you pay for
you can power up your internet today
with the help of nordvpn
if you go to nordvpn.com spooky rice
or use the code spooky rice you get 68
off a two year plan plus one month free
that's just 3.71 cents a month
nordvpn.com spooky rice
68 off and that's just 3.71 cents a
month plus
one free month you should really check
them out anyway let's get to the most
disturbed moment and most enjoy moment
and that's spooky
stuff cue to gohan
[Music]
so for the most disturbed moment i'm not
going to say the teeth torture but
definitely
the begging scene great acting there and
just shows the extent that someone will
go to
so that bad things don't happen life
isn't always worth begging for
but peace of mind maybe pretty cool
most enjoyed moment do i even really
have to say it i come on now now that
fight was awesome but the movie itself
was very well made
just shows the limits of this series
when it comes to this
vengeance trilogy that fight scene
probably inspired lots of similar scenes
like for instance daredevil season one
if you know what i'm talking about
and that's it thank you guys for
watching this video i worked really hard
on it
south korea still has many films to talk
about but
in the meantime make sure you check out
what we got talked about so far
my favorite is pokemon rises love how we
made that title canon now
make sure you click the like button and
subscribe to see more disturbing
breakdowns
thanks for watching spooky out